BigAnimal: read-only connections (#3028)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/creating_a_cluster/index.mdx

     - [Single node](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#single-node) creates a cluster with one primary and no standby replicas. Suited for test environments where high availability might not be required. You can create single node clusters running EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL. 

>     -  [High availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#high-availability) creates a cluster with one primary and two standby replicas in different availability zones. You can create high availability clusters running EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL. Only High availability clusters allow you to enable read-only connections for users. However, enabling read-only connections may raise infrastructure costs by about $.025 an hour due to load balancing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  [High availability](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#high-availability) creates a cluster with one primary and multiple replicas in different availability zones. You can create High Availability clusters running EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL. Only High Availability clusters allow you to enable read-only connections. However, enabling read-only connections will increase infrastructure costs by about $.025 an hour for the additional load balancing rule, plus traffic charges. 
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for your comments, Aaron. We are making some slight modifications to align with our style guide. For example, we minimize the use of capitalization and try to avoid future tense. Let me know if you have any concerns with our modifications.

Reviewer: No problem at all, simply suggestions!  Perhaps then "Only High" needs to be "Only high" in the original.

Reviewer 2: You are correct and Chris is planning to make that change.

           While setting the required IOPS for the disk you should consider the VM limits that are tied to the VM size that you have selected. See [Ultra disk IOPS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#ultra-disk-iops) for more information.

       - For AWS, in **Volume Type** select either General Purpose SSD (GP3), io2, or io2 Block Express.
      
       !!!Note
       io2 Block Express is available for selected instance types (such as R5b). However, you cannot switch between io2 and io2 Block Express after creating your cluster.
       !!!  
     
        In **Volume Properties**, select the disk size for your cluster and configure the IOPS.
    
1.  In the **Connections** section, you can enable Read-only Workloads. This feature directs read-only operations exclusively towards replicas. If enabled, you may have to raise the IP address resource limits for the cluster:

      - For Azure, the IP address quota is Standard Public IP Address.

      - For AWS, the IP address quota is Elastic IP. You may also have to increase the Network Load Balancers per Region. 

    What to be aware of when enabling read-only workloads:
    

>       - Read-only workloads are routed to Postgres physical standbys. Commands run on read-only workloads aren't filtered by BigAnimal. The connection is read-only because it runs on a read-replica where Postgres doesn't permit changes to the contents of database tables. A privileged connection to a read-replica can still execute other sensitive commands permitted by Postgres on read-replicas, like modify replication slots or Postgres configuration settings, terminate backends, see activity from other users, and more. We recommend that you use a Postgres role with minimal privileges for your application, even for read-only workloads.

Author: Will do!

>       - Advisory locks aren't replicated between Postgres nodes, so advisory locks taken on a read-replica don't conflict with advisory locks taken on the primary or another read-replica.  We recommend that applications which rely on advisory locking avoid using read-only workloads for those transactions.

Reviewer 3: same here: "read-replica" --> "standby replica"

     In **Volume Properties**, select the disk size for your cluster and configure the IOPS.
    

> 1. In the **Connections** section, you can enable Read-only Connections. This feature lightens the workload of the primary instance by performing read-only operations on a replica. Enabling read-only connections can raise infrastructure costs by about $.025 an hour due to load balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Connections** section, you can enable Read-only Connections. This scalability feature directs read-only operations exclusively towards replicas.
```
